# CUSTOMER'S SUBSCRIPTION ANALYSIS
This repository contains an Excel-based data analysis project which involves analyzing customer data for a subscription service to identify segments and trends. The projects provides insights through data cleaning, visualization, dashboard creation. The Dataset is made up of 9 columns and 33788 rows. The columns include:

- CustomerID: A unique identitifier assigned to a customer, used to track and manage customer interactions, transactions and relationships.
- Customer Name: The name of an individual or organization that purchases product or services from buisness.
- Region: A geographic area defined by political, economic or cultural boundaries
- Subscription Type: A classification of subscription plans offered to customers, defining the terms and benefits of the subscription.
- Subscription Start and End Date: The date that define the duration of a subscription, specifying when the subscription begins and ends.
- Revenue: The income generated by a buisness or organization from its normal operations.
-Subscription Duration in Days- The length of time a subscription remains active, measured in days.

### Data Sources

The Primary Datasets used for this analysis is the https://drive.google.com/file/d/1e5_oWTeEtl3FqnG05-vWh1vjW092orcW/view?usp=drive_link file,containing detailed information about each sales made by the retail store.

### Tools Used

-Microsoft Excel- This was used for Data Cleaning and also Data Visulization -SQL Server- This was used for Data Analysis -Power Bi- This was used for creating reports.

### Data Cleaning/Preparation

-Steps Involved includes:

Data Importation (Collected and imported data from various sources)

Data Profiling

Data Validation (Checked for null values)

Data Transformation (Performed Data Calculations)

Error Detection (identification of Duplicate records)

